A set is a kind of class. All sets are classes but not all classes are sets.
Class defintion:
A class can be defined either with definition by extension or with definition by intention. Definition by extension is enumerating each of its members, hence only possible for classes with finite elements. Definition by intention is by defining a class using a property that only applies to that class. For example, a class of muneem and Khan, will have the property of having Muneem and Khan, and if we presuppose that only two people have that name then it's a proper property and we can use that as a property. However in this case, since only two elements exist and both are farely unrelated, a better approach would have been defined by extension. The name of a class can only be used when we know what a class is such that the name refers to either the definition by extension or intention. Definition by extension is as unique as the name, but definition by intention can often be open to interpretation (single property can refer to multiple classes depending on the context where the definition is used, for example I could use a property defining change in physics to define velocity and acceleration, and I may even use the same symbols for each, but people will know based on context), hence when you need uniqueness, you will have to either use a name or defintion by extension. In mathematic documents conforming to the symbols defined as found in standard documents (compiled by organizations like ISO, IEEE, etc), definition by intention can in fact be unique, hence as a rule of thumb, it's safe to either use (if being unique and unambiguous is important) names or defintion by extension unless:
1. you have provided a reference to some document
2. if the symbols are considered standard in that particular domain of mathematics then you don't need to do anything.

In modern math and computer science: 1.definition by intention is replaced by the term  predicates. Such that I can say "use predicates" instead of "definition by intention".
2. Similarly, definition by extension is replaced by the term enumeration.
